Welcome, guys and girls, to the section.
In this section, we're going to learn how Jenkins can be used with Ansible.
But before we get started with the hands on demo, it is very important to understand the high level
flow.
So let's get into it.
So let's say we have an Amazon EC2 with Jenkins on it running and we have our GitHub repository.
In this repository we have our Ansible artifacts.
So Ansible playbook and this playbook is, let's say, installing aperture Apache server, starting
the server.
Also as part of this playbook, we are copying over our own index that is HTML to appropriate aperture
folder.
And the whole goal of Ansible is to automate this kind of manual installation and configuration jobs.
So let's say we have two Amazon institutes running where we want to run this Ansible playbook.
So how our Jenkins job is going to work is in the first step.
It's going to connect to the GitHub repository and copy over everything from that repository.
So basically all the Ansible artifacts.
So this part we already know nothing different here.
It just do a git checkout from a repository and then what it's going to do using Ansible Playbook plugin
is it's going to run this Ansible playbook in both these Amazon easy tools and then it's going to install
Apache star Apache and copy over indexed HTML.
And at the end of the demo, we should be able to invoke the public IP address of this Amazon easy to
use and it should give us our own custom indexed HTML.
All right.
Now that we understand the high level flow, let's get into the demo and understand how it works in
action.
All right, folks.
So in the next video.